morning it is a beautiful sunny day
which apparently the clouds are going to
roll in if you're watching this I hope
you're fortunate to be eating right
sleeping well exercising daily things
that we all need I just did some
exercise went on a run did some squats
breathed for a little ate some good food
and now we're ready to hop in to
computer AED design now I wanted to
build so let me just hop over to my
webcam so I've been
building modular
synthesizer
things and I think I've leveled up
enough to potentially build this
incad the uh uh first thing that I think
I'm going to do is probably have to
model
this part which is a 6 cm standoff oh I
should get my
ruler uh that is female on one side and
male on the
other then and I'm hoping
that these parts I won't have to model
because they are so standard they're so
standard that I figure I could just
search for them and get them but we
have
uh M2 M3 by8 SC uh uh uh
bolts and
um
M3
nuts now I guess the nut you need to
know
the height of
it but um I imagine this part I'm going
to have to custom
make um um but I think I've learned
enough CAD that I might be able to just
do it myself so we're going to go here
we're going to close all of my look it I
made a light bulb I made a phone case
check that
out made a phone
case I made a dog
bowl all right um I want to listen to
that for the summer
again
I'm okay okay
all right I think this is good
so I
think how do we want to do this so maybe
the first thing to do is just to model
this part
because I think the way to do this is
there is a um so we're going to make a
sketch I guess we'll make it on this
plane I don't think it's that important
but we make a
uh
polygon
circumscribed what's the
difference what's the difference between
inscribed and
circumscribed I feel like this is
probably
inscribed all right let me just
see oh maybe it maybe it is all right so
then this needs to
be uh
um I'm going to get the calipers and the
ruler fever or anything no I'm just I
think we're
dying call how it
is pures
Liv
compr
liability
d
say
ch
[__]
Mas [__]
Mas
gas
so
not okay
um so okay so this is going to be so
we're going to do it like this am I in
the right
view all right so let me just measure
this
loed
the real
Crowe actually do we want to do
this or do we want to
do and
then we want
to uh okay so let me just ask chbt it's
smarter than
me I'm
making I I
broke still trying to
get
forever
SM
okay I want to see if it's
a M3
by
um nothing wrong at all you're not in
any difficulty but you're out on bomb no
I'm
not have all the charges been dropped
yeah I'm
let's just see what it says
again
that
that that
oh okay so I just created a hole okay so
wait
so M
scub the isometric screw thread is the
most commonly used type of general
purpose screw thread
worldwide
what does nominal outer diameter
mean going it up for
that picture is not that
good
okay the eight fits in the M8 by the M3
by8 fits in
fully
is the thread am I even going to be able
to measure
that
super
I feel like this threat
is now I be you crack that now I be you
crack that now I be you crack that
all right for all intents and purposes
we can make the
whole
uh okay wait I think the pitch
is let me get my phone I think the pitch
on this set that I have is smaller I
think it's
a from one thread Peak to the next
dude out of you just
in
want my I guarantee you it'll be your
very last time simple words just don't
move me you're minor We Major all up in
the game
Ander
my
only
a
such scared scar
my
in
all on that my brain
reacts one
oning when i
r
okay yeah I was
right right that's that's what I thought
M3 is a half
I wish it would say
that all right but we got
it
okay
um without checking it but when I got to
my truck and I got ready to leave I
looked in the bag
um oh oh
nice
tapped yeah full is
fine it's going to be 8
mm but we
need how do you actually oh [__]
it needs to be
um
I actually got really
lucky that the standoffs I got had the
same
pitch
okay so it's
three
nice wait that doesn't look
right
how do I get the
radius wait why is the oh
[__]
oh was that the
radius
see that's totally
wrong all let's start over now I know
what I'm
doing
oh oh [__] wait hold on damn it okay so
we got to do the Extrusion
again
okay
there does look like there's a small
champer on the edges
so maybe we'll do
that
can I can I do
yeah that's
okay
Dr
okay maybe that's the way to do
it um this is the
same wait can I check something
no that's right okay to
you're too
high yeah what you take feel
anything you're what I can't feel
anything yeah that looks
right
okay so that's our we did
it
good
enough and let me
um
M3
nuts
2.4
oh
see
oh that's so hype that's actually
[__] crazy hype let's go
guys open the data panel access the
library
stupid
hold
on
oh bro am I dude am I dumb as [__]
bones
and
what's going
on
nice
it's an
M3 its length
is what I can't bro that that's see
that's
stupid yeah I knew that was going to
happen
let's
see
it head is actually
not
hex but I don't think
it's that
important
oh
sweet
that's
hype
not
Bol
uh [__] this thing is so
stupid all right am I
dumb
I actually had carbon
steel all
right
how do you put it on
something
h
is it intersecting the thing let's make
it
okay um
oh yeah wait actually what I wanted to
do just out of
curiosity
all right so let's see how do we do
this
how do you do
it oh there we
go okay let's just try
this then I want to export also step
file cool okay so
now
nice
nice very
nice look at all these [__]
components
dude oh nice
okay oh
[__]
can I just move
it wait can I do
this what if I do this new
component
board
then I do
this dude am I [__] sicko or
what
NOP
wait but I want to
move okay so that's the the
board I think it does make sense to do
this now if I select this
yeah then we want to move this
thing where is
it
how come I can't see
it I can see it
here
ah it's so
annoying
H I don't
care
God
H actually what if I just did
this can't I just change the
origin wait hold
on
no what the
hell
dude
I don't get
it I really don't get
that
I don't know why this thing won't move
dude like what is going on
here
okay all right you know what [__]
you
all right so we're starting fresh
because how do I just select
everything look if I move this and then
I
selection
this I don't see a sketch
actually I think that's everything thing
right
no okay so what if I did
this okay that looks like it's
everything I thought there was a special
way to do this but whatever it doesn't
matter so we're going to move this we're
going to move it
there okay all right I think that's it
so now what we want to do is we I just
need to add some holes so I'm going to
select this face I'm going to do create
sketch some
component do you want to capture the
current position in move compon capture
position okay perfect now we're on to
something so now I want to do this I
want to make a circle
here and I actually want to do can I
okay here we go I got this so now we
want to do
this
and we want to set this equal
to 18 *
n oh oh we want to say
um um
PCB
mounting R is equal
to
nice
okay then we want to do
d
d 10 oh that's too
much for this design okay five should be
okay I'm fine with
that we just need to make sure that
everything lines up okay then we want to
Circle here and it width is going to be
PCB mounting oh it search is good too
let's go guys right now we just need to
do d
d what the
[__] bro
what there we go okay we'll make that 10
and then we'll
say
um this oh wait wait we're going to do
midpoint this point and
this
huh
or I guess we need to
do I guess the point is that you need to
do a
line that's stupid that's
stupid I know you're supposed to keep
Dimensions to a
minimum oh yeah here we
go but that's the only way I can see how
to do
this okay so now we want to use
this okay so I think that we should be
able to use these this as a hole
right distance
two
here
wait face no no no hold
on
okay I think we're okay now
two we need to select the thing and we
we don't want it we just want it
simple nice we did
it let's go guys let's
go
okay um so I want to save this
as the PCO
PCB dude am I getting [__] clean it
CAD bro am I getting a little clean it
CAD bro all right so now I want to do I
want to just see how how this works so I
want
to how do I insert my
own
okay so
um PCB with
standoffs okay so now we
want
this this wait we
want we want
this
then we want another one of
those that's so confusing it doesn't
remember the last one okay then we went
to
standoff oh wait
what that just opened the thing that
didn't do what I
wanted I
thought
okay
um let me just say
this
and it's going to be the male
side
to assemble the PCB with the
standoff insert in the assembly file you
need to insert the PC go to insert
insert
derive dude it didn't I don't think it
did it
though I want this whole thing oh oh
okay nice nice nice nice ni nice nice
nice nice okay so we're getting
somewhere we're [__] getting
somewhere guys now I want the
standoff all right I see it opens that
document and we want the whole
assembly Okay cool so
now um in the standoff can we just go to
bodies oh we didn't
do wait hold
on
wait how do I select the bolt
only can we just oh it's it say its own
component all right can we
just move that I don't I don't know can
we just move
that okay wait actually I want to try
this joint
thing I I don't care about that I want
to do this joint
thing this face
going to join to
this it almost
worked all right so let me undo
that that was [__] sweet bro that was
[__] sweet okay so
joint we
want
this wait
oh I
see how do you do I need to select a
point let me read
this is this a circle can
I is there a way to make a circle out of
that okay now we have this point so
now and we just want to use this
p and then we want okay so wait and is
this a point this is not a point so then
we want to create another
sketch so we want to Circle here
I don't think this exactly right oh wait
I can do this oh wait I don't inherit
the oh that's annoying it doesn't
inherit the parameters from the you
would I mean yeah you could have named
collisions but like that's
annoying let me ask um I defined a
parameter in one in the PCB but with
insert
Drive I can't use it in the
assembly file is there a way to import
all the parameters
into
H that's so stupid because you could
just namespace it it's like not that
hard this is cringe bro I wonder if I
can write my own thing to do this but it
it's just
like you know this is state-of-the-art
program
and okay wait so let's just
do
um wait 3 mm is wider
than but the M3
is
for
that's
interesting
um it's
25 yeah it's driven it's okay
um
I'm pretty sure I used eigh inch here
though that's just wrong what happened
wait can we go back to the
sketch that's so
weird
you know
what
um
okay now the real [__]
test
um okay someone's watching I I don't
know what the [__] is going
on
how the [__] is this
thing I feel like something's wrong no
but this is the right size so then how
did this get messed
up
I feel like it's doing that thing where
it didn't propagate the thing
forward
oh wait that looked
right no
[__] okay we're just going to do it
again the repetition is is helpful I
guess all right so
now you do this this
this okay then I am going to I'm going
to turn on
History make a new component I'm going
to call that component the PCB that's
the that's going to include everything
I'm going to move everything in
there and move it all in there
now we just have one component at the
top level I guess then we're going to do
move command we're just going to move
the
PCB then the origin point is going to be
the top corner
there and then the target
point it's going to be there
what oh that's so
stupid how do I is there a way to do
that select
all
okay hold
on make this the active Comm
move now hold on cancel this I want to
say move I going to move that whole
thing I'm St I'm
I'm
okay now we did that
now I want to create a
sketch now I want to make this the
active component I want to make a sketch
on
here capture
position what wait what
happened
create a
sketch okay I guess I'm going to do
wait
[__]
um okay we're going to try that one more
time you can do it now we do
this
okay these Origins are the same the
problem
is okay we move
this why no
point oh wait wait wait wait
wait
okay now we moved it now the problem is
this
origin is over
here do all of these have an
origin M okay
okay
well that origin
sucks
oh
okay not getting triggered that's fine
now we want to do this create a sketch
on here we want to capture the
position okay so now we're right here
and we got this face bro so now we can
make a circle here and make a circle
here then we want to
do
uh PCB mounting R oh it's D actually is
equal to 1/8 *
in okay
okay
okay now we want to uh do
this this is
five and this is
five this is
35 this is
10 okay
cool uh so now we want to go to now that
we have our sketch we can finish sketch
and we want to do
hole and we want to from sketch multiple
holes so
now sketch points we want to select
this oh interesting wait no see no
that's
interesting why is it doing 8 mm can I
put in a parameter here oh let's go guys
wait but what is that that's the height
no no no no the height is going to be
two but the diameter is going to be
PCB okay so that I don't think that was
optimal
but and then
two is
this I'm Stone I'm Stone I'm Stone Okay
cool so
now diameter
cool all right I think we did
it
nice boy oh boy learning one of these
programs is
tough let's make sure it's not going to
rain dude I really don't want it to
rain okay I don't think it's going to
rain
for
all right
cool
okay so now it's time to redo this thing
and this is going to
be yes assemble so we need to save this
thing okay uh PCB assembly
real now we're going to
insert
derive vco oh that's so that's such a
dude this software got some
edges
um oh
l oh thank God okay uh
PCB bco PCB
real
okay uh is that
right can we just select this there we
go we select the whole thing I guess
there's a
difference I don't
know all
right now we do it
again and we do
standoff
cool all right so now what we want to
do
is how does this go this is going to
go so I want to take this and I want to
move
it I'll rotate it
along
uh select axis I guess this axis is
fine
okay then we want to
move this thing in the Z
Direction by
60 uh -
60 -
60 all right so we're sort of
there
okay now we want to move this
face
to
well okay
so did it say okay I have the screw the
uh standoff and the PCB in the assembly
file
now how do I put
the male side of the standoff in the
mounting
hole oh yeah and I want to do one thing
and I want to just create
sketch
uh capture
position and then I want to do this D
okay cool nice I just wanted to check
that that was
true I'm Stone
in the joint dialogue start by selecting
a point on the am I
clipping yo what's up bro what's going
on oh damn that was 20 minutes ago I'm
so bad at this streaming
[__] let me keep my phone open
oh it's a
bot if it's a hot girl I think it's a
bot oh wait that's not what to dude this
interface always bothers me you got to
like click here then you got to click
Escape okay
um all right I I'll keep twitch open
though just in case because I feel like
this could give viewers just because
it's like I don't know it seems like
twitch people love Cad and like 3D
modeling and like game design and stuff
like that but they they don't like
making programming L just that much all
right
so okay so let me see what did it
say it
said
um select the joint
tool wait stream
manager
okay um go to the assemble tab select
the joint tool choose the first
component to
Joint start by selecting a point on the
male side of the standoff this could
either be the center point on the top
face of the male
thread to make it easier you might want
to use the inspect tool to find the
exact center if it's not immediately
obvious yeah so what I was going to do
is is I was going to create a sketch
on uh I guess the
bottom of
the
screw then I would project that so that
I could use that point okay so why don't
we do that so we want
to okay so we have that so now that we
have that sketch I want to click on this
and create new
sketch and then I want to draw a
circle that that's
three and that's not like Optimal
because then we don't know but so
now when I go to okay we can finish the
sketch I just needed that Circle I guess
at some point I think I need to use
project but uh so we're going to do
joint and then we want to select this
point and then we want to select yeah
yeah we want to select that point oh oh
my god dude this is sick and now we want
to move this
down um six is that too much is that no
I think that's
perfect bro dude am I the [__] man or
what yo okay so now what I want to
do
is I want to create a sketch on this
side and a sketch on this side and then
we're going to do the exact same same
thing and it'll the thing is I don't
think it like know it doesn't have the
we can just oh yeah I forgot to we need
to edit this how do we edit this sketch
edit sketch this is a construction
line wait hold
on oh wait did we I think we stole a
line what is
that I'm stoning I'm stoning I'm
ston so if we edit this where are we
here I just want to make these
construction you can't make that
construction but you can make this
construction right
okay so wait we could just hide that
sketch it's not even important all
right does something look a little off
there
though what is
that
I guess that's not off it just looks
weird I'm stunning I'm okay so why don't
we do this so we're going to create a
sketch here
again okay then we're going to
make actually wait I think we could just
do this we can just P I think we just
project it so now we have this point
okay and we can finish
sketch okay now we have that point and
then we want to create a sketch
here and then we want to project this
circle too okay now we have both points
wait I don't think that worked
project I want the outer rim of this
thing does that give okay wait can we
just turn off the standoff we don't need
it yeah it's kind of annoying that wait
actually yeah it's kind of annoying that
it's
multiple wait wait where's
the where is
the is it that no that's a
screw oh okay why is that flat or I
guess that's what I decided on I didn't
really look at it okay but where is this
thing
where is it oh there it is okay so it's
all the way down
there that's okay with me I think so now
we just need to go we can finish the
sketch we can turn
off this thing okay now we have this
point that point so we want to do joint
that point and
oh
h no no no see we did this wrong we
didn't want to project it we actually
want to
take that we want to take the face so we
want to edit a sketch onto
here and then we can turn off the
PCB so we want to take a a face on here
and
just we don't want to project it at all
we just want
to see what is that what is that Circle
I think we should just delete
that did that do something
horrible doesn't seem like you can
delete
it okay
whatever
um so we just want to do this
I think I could just select that point
right all right so finish the sketch I'm
going to select this
point and I'm going to
select this point and then we're going
to do
joint and we want to
select that
one
oh [__] wait what did I
do where is the
nut oh my God no no no we we need to
flip it
around we want to
select this
guy was there no way to flip
it to select this and then we want to
select wait hold on okay joint
then we
select okay I think we already have that
selected between two faces creates a
joint origin that is centered between
two selected faces that could be
nice cuz then I could just select that
face I don't
know okay and then we want to
select
how do I get it how do I get it that
point no see that is exactly how do
we how do
we okay
snap
having trouble with this joint thing
okay I think that's
right and then we
want that
point okay and then we just want to move
it up whatever the width of the PCB
is which is probably okay that's that's
fine we're going to do that okay now we
can turn this thing
on oh come on oh wait no no
no
nice hell
yeah hell yeah
bro hell yeah oh my gosh this is taking
forever
dude um
St so okay but now here's the real
question I I did that and now I just
want to do that exact same thing
again so can I just do this copy
paste okay now all we need to
do
is uh okay so that's fine so now we're
going to make a new sketch on here edit
sketch then we are going to create a
circle did I do
it okay I think I did it okay so so I
think we did we did it
now
now we need to
go over
here and we want to do
the right right okay so then I want to
do this create
sketch I don't know why it brought me to
the
origin but we want to draw a circle
that's
three K now we want to finish the
sketch join
we
select this
point and we
select why can't I get that
guy oh did I [__] that
up
and then we want to move it up by
six
dude is this not the coolest thing
ever now we just need to do
the I don't think I'm very fast yet
though it's kind of
annoying all right let's just try
joint see why don't we have
that oh
wait
okay that actually worked really well so
now we can the degree is fine but we
want to select this and make it down
minus 6 no that's too much oh it needs
to be minus four I think
right cuz you need to count for
the 4.26 N
baby what does that even
mean all right so let's undo it we can
just do it
again
joint oh I
see right it's not it's not yeah it's
not flush with the
thing oh this is hard how do
you I want the I want the center of
it
I'm ston I'm ston I'm okay so now I
don't think this is optimal but you know
what uh we can just hide this I don't I
don't really
care okay cool so
now let me let me open up the vco front
panel vco front this could be the wrong
one cuz I remember I misnamed one and
it's like you can't even like right
click to rename this thing it's just
it's just
garbage
um can we just switch the placement of
these two
circles swap I wish there was a swap
command 3D modeling is so
cool it's busted dude it's [__]
busted
Okay
so
so actually the better way to have
modeled this is with an offset plane
because then I could have projected the
PCB model so why don't we do this whole
thing again I think that that's probably
the cooler way to do this so what we're
going to do is we're going to do
construct offset
plane and then this needs to
be
uh it needs to be exactly 60 mm
up right and you can see see
that um I can't really
tell but we looking exactly from the
front
huh oh wait maybe it needs to you know
what it because because the origin point
is on the top of the PCB I knew that was
going to [__] with me so it needs to be
62 oh oh no it needs to be
58 Point whatever five oop
okay that's fine look I'm not I'm not
I'm not a
professional okay and so on here we'll
create our
sketch and it's great because now we can
just project this whole
thing
oh now we have all these points which is
admittedly too many
oh dude this is so cool I'm getting good
at
this
for
oh it's such a beautiful day to learn
computer AED design
all right here we go okay so
now we want to oh it's it's it's like
makes it so easy because
now
um we want to
use this
rectangle so I'm going to draw this
rectangle exactly the same and this is
going to be a construction
rectangle um but the reason why I want
that is is
because okay I got to think about this
because we need to now
draw a rectang so okay so I'm going to
do lines make them construction lines
and we're going to do down the middle so
we have the midpoint
there we have the
midpoint
here okay so now what I want to do is I
want to draw
rectangle right so let's just draw a
rectangle from here and it needs to
be uh okay
um front
panel
W equals
100 wait oh wait wait uh H equals 200
okay oh [__] I did that
wrong what what is
that um okay so we want to draw an R we
want to
say front panel oh
what front panel width equals 100
tab front
panel uh H WID width and height I guess
that makes sense
uh equals
200 okay but now what we want to do is
we want to move this so
that
um going to move that so that the that
this is that this is centered on this
moving this one so what does that mean
that
means um and we could do it with just a
bunch of Dimensions but that's how I
like cringely did it before we can turn
off this PCB by the way this is like not
useful neither is
this and neither all these projection
points I actually added way too many
projection points I only needed to click
on the lines not the
um
face um but that's okay
that is
okay
um can I okay I could add a
point could add a point that's a
construction point and it's the midpoint
okay then what I want to do is here and
here are
coincident
oops well it says it's already well you
know what it's cuz there's probably a
coincident how can I view the
constraints on
this I don't know which is which I know
it shows me but I don't really get what
it I wish it explained it better okay
let's just try deleting
them okay all right now I want to try oh
wait but yeah I want to try it we take
this and this and we say coincident
nice okay then I want another
construction point over
here wait where is it it's going to be
down here
right where is it it should be right
there
wait actually you know what I can just
make the point here and then I can do
this and this and just do midpoint easy
bro am I a [__] G or what okay so
now we need to look at this and we need
to delete this constraint and we need to
say that this point and this point are
coincident [__] I did it wrong
hold on see how do we get
the where the constraints on this bad
boy what is this one wait we don't
need oh wait that is that on the point I
think that's on the point I think that
this is
on I mean that St strength seems fine
but there's something on here still or
on
here I think we can delete
that I don't know if we can just delete
this I want to try deleting those all
right will this work now so now I want
to do this point I wanted to delete that
too I don't know what that's about okay
now I think I can move these so I want
to select these two points and then I
want to do coincident damn it what the
hell
man also I want all four of these lines
to not
be stop showing me that I don't want
that
I don't know oh that's a that's the sign
for projected or something I don't
know how do we do
this I want to say okay so what's on
this
line it's this perpendicular constraint
no what is this vertical constraint
that's
fine we need that and we want to say
that that and this point are coincident
but that errors and that point is
black dude these error messages when
they show more is just like total
nonsense
you know
what pretty dumb but it needs to
be uh
50 oh
interesting wait what just
happened oh LOL yeah because of all the
deleted coincident constraints can we
get those back all right can we try that
again oh
crap
um see the problem is
something oh oh you can't
actually yeah you can't actually do this
because it's forcing it on the actual
midpoint it's not like a
perpendicular it doesn't like allow you
to move it so
maybe can we just delete
this no I don't want to delete it I just
want to undo
everything okay all right we're back in
business but what's put this
can H that's
interesting okay we're not done yet so
we need to build a
rectangle and we need it to be do we
still have those front yeah no so it
deleted though so front panel LH is
equal to
200 oh damn it oh wait
um is it this
one
front panel width equals
100 okay so now we have our and this is
actually not going to be construction
lines it's going to be a real thing but
then here when we're looking at this
from here these
lines are construction
lines
okay all right we're slowly but surely
getting somewhere
um but now what if I just do this I want
to
fix I want to fix this guy's
point so that it doesn't move so what
happens if I just say um the distance
between here and here here
is uh
yeah o I've got myself in a
bind okay let me just ask see what it
says okay
so um I have a
small
rectangle project
Ed into my offset plane and I have and I
want to draw a bigger rectangle that
is
entered that is placed so that the
smaller is
centered in the bigger how do I do that
that just see what it
says oh wait I should have said um I'll
just ask it after but I that
the am I still clipping yeah I might be
but I want to be able to say that the
smaller is
fixed
okay so I want to go back
to
before I
actually drew the rectangle okay so all
right I'm going to just do this because
inevitably I'll have to do this again so
we want to make this construction now we
want to draw some rectangle way out
here and we do want to say front
W front front H equal 200 tab front
width equal
100 okay so now this is just in space
and we should be able to just move this
around
okay what is this I don't need
this okay
um draw the larger rectangle use
Construction draw two construction
lines these lines should be drawn from
the midpoints of opposite sides of the
smaller triangle essentially you're
creating crosshairs that Mark the extend
these construction line so they cross
the boundary of the
larger align the center of the
create midpoint constraints between the
larger rectangle and the construction
lines
okay all right we'll see if this works
so I have this line now I just want to
extend it out can I make
this how do
you how do I do
that
uh we could delete the
coincident so wait let me see if that
did what
I
okay wait okay so coincident did that do
it this point and this
line okay so we're good there but now we
want to do a perpendicular
too
okay so then this should be the midpoint
right so if we if I just make a point
can I just make a point
there at the intersection
point right
there and then if I say this line or
this and this are coincident damn it
dude see
that's but it should be on the
midpoint it should be on the
midpoint okay you know what you know
what I I can't do
this okay so we're just going to
say okay how hard was
that oh my God sometimes it's so much
harder than just making some
Dimensions okay so now but now we want
to take this
oh
[__] wait but why can't I select this
rectangle okay wait I'll just make a new
rectangle it's a construction rectangle
right so now we can extrude well we want
to extrude everything but is it going
to we want to extrude everything except
those well okay so we're not done that's
really what's going on here so first off
these are construction so they shouldn't
I thought I did that there's something
extra going on
there what is
that okay I think we're good so then if
I select this I get this whole thing
except for these things that's really
annoying oh I see okay
so okay you know what I I think I'm
going to delete this sketch and do it
all over
again um okay so this
is the
plane so one thing I want to try I want
to say construct offset plane from this
plane and then we want it to go
up
60 minus
60 okay wait I want to view the
standoffs and see if I look at them from
the front oh am I a g or what I took the
bottom face and then moved it 60 bro
getting clean getting real clean okay so
now what I want to
do is we have this plane but I want
to oh I want to create a sketch on here
but then I want to
add just these
four lines and project
them okay so now I want to hide
everything okay so now we're looking at
this and this is construction wait can't
we
just make it
Construction okay cool oh the problem is
okay I forgot to
do I think I can just turn this
on and
project this
and this
again okay so now we hide the PCB again
all right and we have the mounting holes
and we don't need anything
else
okay so now now I want to draw a
rectangle and I want to say front
oh H it doesn't do the Rex searching
dude it's so annoying okay fine so
enter and is this a construction thing
no okay now we do d d and this needs to
be
15 d d
50 Okay cool so now we
have
um whatever we wanted to
do now I want to make a line
here I want to I want to do this
perpendicular thing
too okay I guess oh yeah if this is
these are parallel than this okay this
is a construction
line um and actually what I want to do
is I want to make some some more
lines make a Center
Line okay this is a center line and its
construction and then we want to do the
same thing
here Center Line oh [__] oh wait can you
not do both at you know what I guess it
is that a a con a center line is always
a con is always a construction line
that's probably what it
is okay so we're not done with the
sketch but we have some things modeled
out
um okay so I need to make a new
parameter for the
sizes of the holes
okay so the first thing
is
964 okay so we're going to make a circle
here okay and this is going to
be box
Mount ho D is equal to 9 over
64 times
inches that seems kind of
small no that that seems right okay then
here to here is
10 these should all be named
parameters
but
now y this guy in the class
said don't use
um don't use the sketch rectangular
pattern but I don't know why
not so this needs to be there's two of
them and then it's extent it's going to
be I think minus 90
right well that just give me the point
[__] oh no it didn't okay so why is that
wrong no no no it needs to be minus
880 okay and then this
way we need two of them and it needs to
be minus
180 okay but now I I just want to
check okay I just want to check the
distance from here to here should be 10
perfect and it's driven let's go we did
it
so now we have those for the Extrusion
and we need to think about this
because um when I turn on
these oh something doesn't look
right oh wait what
happened this plane I thought I'd
checked that this plane
was well I guess we can just move it up
later U we're going to need to move the
nut the the bolt up
too
no matter it's not a big
deal there maybe that one is
not the same as this
one oh it's
not now that's
interesting I must have done one on one
side and the other on the other
side
okay no
matter okay well so but so how do we
want this so okay we want to extrude
upwards or I guess this I think this is
actually looking at it we want to yeah
we want to extrude upwards because the
screw is going to get moved and clamping
in you can't move this part of it you
have to move this part of
it um but we're not ready to extrude so
we can turn these off we need
to um make some
circles
um
okay okay I think that this is the right
way to do
it so we're going to make a circle and
we're going to
say um Jack
D is equal to and it's 38 I
believe 3 over8 *
in
okay
I'm trying to figure out if the correct
way to do this or what
the what the what the standard way you
do this
is
for
all right
okay so what is up now the problem is we
need to so it's going to
be um this so if if I show you guys the
panel
um so it's a 2x3 then we cut out this
one and this one um which is fine I know
how to do that but I always get confused
like what is the optimal way CU if I
want this
distance this distance and this distance
to be equal as well well
as that way but we want to calculate it
so that maybe up here and up here is the
same so I'm just trying to think about
how how that how that's
done
um well okay it's going to be yeah yeah
I I know I know what that is it's going
to
be uh
uh okay so let's just do
this so this way it's going to be two
and we can't tab to there shift tab
there we go okay um this is going to
be this we can't select that
Dimension bro it's not an fx dude that's
wait hold on can I do math with this
it's going to be front width oh [__]
front width over three
and then put a minus sign in front of
it okay yep then here we have
three and it needs to
be minus front height over
4 wait that doesn't look right that
looks too
small is that
[__] yeah I definitely didn't didn't do
this math right can we edit
this
H I think
that this should say create driven yeah
cool create driven but it is a third but
then the problem is what is the distance
between here and here it should be
40 oh I must have just typed the wrong
one in all right let's do it
again
all right create rectangular pattern
this way it's going to be minus
front width [__] I keep doing
that width over dude oh over
two tab it
two and it's oh it's extent it's not
spacing we're trying to calculate the
spacing
yeah okay that's why I did it because
it's spacing Okay cool so now we go this
way and we say we want three and then we
want this to be minus
front height over
four and then we want
to suppression yeah we want to turn
off this one and we want to turn off
this one
bro am I a [__] dude I'm a beast at
this so this is going to be uh front
W over
three wait that's not
right oh wait
what this distance this distance and
this distance did I calculate this
wrong
I did over two didn't I [__] okay last
time you know what I realized about this
oh wait do I still have the
parameter uh Jack [__] Jack D
equals N 9 over 64 * in parameter wait
that's oh no no no
no oh
H let's see if I can
overwrite uh 3 over 8 times
inches okay
cool all right
um rectangular pattern take
three so this way it should
be minus Jack or no no minus front width
divided by
3 and it should calculate the value for
me it's stupid that it
doesn't if I click enter it just
completes the whole form it's really
jacked up all right front W no front
height over
four and we want this to be
spacing
um can I split it
up with that one being
spacing
wait we want two of
them where is it
though
where are
they you can't even see
them
that didn't do what I wanted at all I
don't know what
happened two shift tab minus
front uh width over
three ENT [__] dude I'm so bad at
this
I don't know why it's not drawing it
though
for
dude what the hell is going on
here I'm so lost oh you know what I
probably selected the freaking points
like an
[__] thank
God nice
that was a
doozy okay we're through the we're
through the stressful part of that um so
and then this is going to be
front H over
four
nice I don't know why this
line just make that a con
line okay so and we want to extrude this
up by the panel thickness which is 4
mm minus
4 I want to save
this
bro I'm
sick okay and now we need to take so
let's hide this is a new body
right I think that hid probably more
than I wanted it
to maybe it
didn't
okay so now the problem is we need to
take this body which is in
standoffs bodies sketches
hexagon bolt we want this one and we
want to move it we want to select that
and we also want to
select
well can I get the
um can I can I get the inspect
from here to
here okay can I just inspect
this 1
point 6
mm okay so the first thing we want to
do is we need to move this whole
thing we need to move
this by -
1.6 okay now if we
draw well okay I I believe it's
right okay and then now we need to move
both of
this and this and we need to can I move
them
both [__] you can't move multiple bodies
at the same
time is that for
real what a silly
thing wait I think I'm moving the bolt
wait am I moving
the what am I
moving
doesn't actually
move why doesn't it move
though maybe I should just delete
this you know what I feel like there's a
joint somewhere
there must be a joint that
I how did I do this I forget how I
placed this in
here but can I just delete
this open
source oh oh bruh cringe ass [__] okay
so we're just going to select these two
and delete them I
think I don't think we can delete them
can I just delete
them weird what if I go up to the top
see this is a top and then I say you
know what guy we just don't need
you
was there something in the Fasteners
where I like specified that
it's in
there I feel like I just delete
this same with this
okay so this is save
as just the
standoff
okay now um can
I
update
history
export can I replace
this break a break
link oh sweet wait hold on I think they
gave me nice okay okay so that's what we
want to
do
o okay
these are okay these are actually
fine okay we're looking exactly from the
front I want to do an inspect from here
to
there uh no but I want it to be Pro a
projected
distance
right cuz that's that distance but I
want why doesn't it break it into
components that's actually
nonsense that's so
stupid why is that not a
thing it's so clear that you so often
want to just know what the distance from
the top of this thing is
to
there okay we're going to move
the we're going to move this
one can I do this
move
1.8
dude why it's it's something to do with
the
joint joint
Origins
how do I just move wait did I do oh I
think I did the wrong
one this
standoff refuses to be moved
up but if I look at the Joint
Origins
if I move this
up oh there we
go oh did I mess this one up yeah I did
okay so we need to take
this
um
yes you can't do that for some reason
and I don't know why but you can go to
the body and just move the
body is there a way to make it not
snap
good enough for
me oh son of a [__] wait hold
on are those joined together in any way
like if I edit one does it edit the
other I think that's what's
happening
yeah it is
happening silly
goose okay so how do we make I should
have done copy
new uh okay
well damn
it
all right no matter no
matter
um I just want to
put the Fastener in and then I'll
consider this done and we can actually
go test the the voltage controlled
amplifier
um Okay so
where is our
thingy I'm pretty sure
I did I never extrude
it oh there we go can we rename
this create components from
bodies where is it okay so edit the name
this is front
panel
right so what what what was wrong
here is this in the it is in the
thing okay so we need to move that
what is this it's
this we need to move this up by
1.8 oh okay so since they're linked all
right we're only going to do one of them
correctly then and then I'll go and
figure
out how to proceed but so it's this we
need to move this
up
oh
wait
damn
it there we
go
okay so this is the
one it doesn't have a recently
used
that seems good it's not exactly what I
have
but does it have the pitch there we
go
position
hell yeah hell
yeah we're in business boys we I am
business oh my god
oh all right so we want to do the exact
same thing again and just copy and paste
this here I think I could probably do
this where where was that
thing oh it's in
fasteners
oh wait is that going to
work we
want um
it's a little
Annoying
what
my guess is
that you know
what uh okay let's do this
correctly all right so here's here's how
we're going to do
this uh let's turn off the [__]
nonsense can we fold
all is there no fold
all there must be a f allll okay so
we're going to take this we're going to
turn off the front panel okay now we're
good now where is this thing okay now on
this
face we're going to create a
sketch uh capture position that's fine
oh [__] wait I did this
wrong I did this
wrong
because give me this body
uh
Fasteners
delete okay so now this Fastener I want
to want to copy but then I want to
paste as
new how how how did I do
that whatever I don't no let's just say
that's okay so
now we need this thing to get into there
but we actually we need the front panel
because what we're going to
do is we're going to make a sketch that
uses
this and we are going
to all right I I I think I know how to
do this so we're going to take this face
create sketch then we're going to draw a
circle
um we're going to take
this how do we do it can I do two-point
Circle okay that's pretty Jank but uh at
least we have a center point flush with
the
board so now we need to do the exact
same with
the this guy so let's turn
off let's turn off the front
panel
then we are going to take
this what is that what am I
selecting and we're going to create a
sketch
not going to lie cat is
annoying okay and then we just want a
circle it actually doesn't
matter as long as it's in the
center why can't I see
that this is like a compiler error
that's just
like total [__] it's like a
c compiler error it's just like yeah
it's broken figure it
out doesn't tell you at all where to
enable
it all I'm trying to do is you know what
I want to try the other join finish the
sketch we're going to try the other join
cuz it there's there's no way that this
is as awful as join between two faces
two Edge intersection oh two Edge
intersection wait why can't I select any
edges then
this
face wait I'm
confused we need the front
panel oh wait did I
no yeah this needs to go over
here oh boy oh man Man Okay so let's
just try
simple we can select
this and we should be able to
select
um
this hey I don't know what I did
but oh wait but we're moving the damn
it I'm not triggered you're
triggered
I'm
for
all
right so what is the way to move this
nut this uh bolt
to
here
did I just move it I hope no should we
get this
thing and this
thing I think that's
it okay now we just need to move it
down five
maybe
okay all all it's not perfect but I
think I did
it [__] damn it
bro
[__] oh God I moved the [__] front
panel
okay that looked like it moved the right
thing
nice
that was a journey
man that was a
journey
I want to look
up what's up guys Justin here the fusion
essentials.com back with another Fusion
360 tutorial for you in today's video
I'm going to start introducing you to
the animation Works Space and teaching
you how to create different animations
inside what's up guys jump into it so to
start off this is a model I downloaded
off of Turbo squid for free so you can
go download this and follow along if you
want to so this is the uh60 Blackhawk by
kofen flumi and uh you can definitely
download this follow follow along there
were a lot of things I had to fix in
order to make this animatable inside of
fusion 360 though so like for example I
had to come in here and I had to set all
the rotors as a component and setting
the central point of that component was
a little bit tricky so you may want to
find a simpler model to follow along
with but I think it's going to work well
for this tutorial so if you want to
download that I will link to that in
this seems like way too
much
show the
animation you can see my model is
animated I can choose the reverse
back and not at all what I was hoping
for
your here to
here and if I just Mo this so this is
how
the the
comp this is what I was looking for show
the animation
bro the when creating an animation only
components can be transformed if you
have Bodies In Your Design need to be
transformed they will need to be
converted to components and as I
mentioned when the animation is complete
you can create a video and create a
drawing next I want to go over some
terminology when you enter the animation
workspace at the lower left hand corner
of your screen is the storyboard area
the story board contains all the
information for one animation by
clicking on the plus symbol you can
create a new story board you can also
copy a story board and you can reverse a
story board usually the first story
board that you create shows how the
components will be disass you can copy
that story board and reverse it by
reversing the story board we'll show how
the components will be assembl the
section at the bottom of the canvas is
called the animation timeline here you
can review the actions and also modify
the in the animation timeline the
downward pointing arrow is referred to
as the playhead playhead shows the time
that anide Fusion 360 I want to create
an animation first thing I'm going to do
I'm going to go under the design drop
down and I'm going to click on animation
now the animation workpace notice in the
lower left hand corner Story Board one
was automatically created I'm going to
rename that so I'm dble click on it and
enter the name disassembly next I'm
going to set the play head to 2 seconds
next I'm going to change my viewpoint
and the animation will stop at 2 seconds
I'm going to start the orbit tool I'm
just going to rotate my view point a
little bit and zoom back a little at the
bottom of the screen I'm going to go
ahead and I'm going to play the
animations so I'm going to set it at the
beginning and the Viewpoint change was
completed in two seconds interesting the
play to four seconds next I'm going to
move the bolts and again that animation
will stop at four seconds note that the
tools in the transform menu are used to
move component visibility to start off
with I'm just going to use the transform
components tool shortcut letter M the
first thing I need to do is select the
bolts I can do that within the canvas or
you can do it within the browser that's
what I'm going to do here I'm going to
expand the browser until I see my
components then I'm going to click on
the first B hold down the shift key and
select the last one that will select
follow them in the dialog box I'm going
to turn on the visibility the next thing
I need to do is move the bolts out
however the animation timeline is
blocking my view so I'm going to go
ahead and minimize it then in the canvas
I'm going to grab the airl Buton down
and I'm going to P it up show that the
bolts are going to move upward again you
can type in a specific value or you can
just get it close so it looks good now
you can click okay dialog box press
enter I want to play the animations so
here I'm going to expand the animation
timeline and again I'm going to start at
the beginning play it doesn't actually
rotate them what I want to do next is
just when the BTS start their
transformation to do this I'll first
select the four Transformations for the
bolts in the animation timeline now
change when the transformation start to
do this I'm going to move my cursor over
one of the left edges and left click and
drag you can also edit these actions by
doing a right click here you can change
the duration the start time aline the
end times and select actions before or
after the selection that's I'll
Transform the pen so again from the
transform menu I'm going to C click on
transform components and select the pen
and again I'm going to turn on my TR
visibility and select the arrow and pull
the pin out to complete the
transformation I'm just going to press
enter now in the timeline I'm just going
to scroll down in the animation timeline
I didn't set the playhead forward for
that second animation to stop so here
you can see that all five compon are
moving at the exact same time to preview
the animation you can also click and
drag on the play head and drag it left
and right what I'm going to do here
though is I'm going to grab the
transformation for that pen I'm just
going to drag it forward and again I'm
going to edit the stop time now dragging
the playhead you can see that the pin
moves independently next I'm going to
set the time to 10 seconds next I'll
move the clev I'm going to start the
transform components tool by clicking
the m key on the keyboard I'm going to
select my clev and in the dialog box
again I'm going to turn on trail
visibility and I'm also going to turn on
the option to split transforms what this
option does every time you let go over
your left Mouse button it will create a
separate action to start I'm going to
drag the CL out then I'm going to rotate
it 90 degre then I'll do one more move
moving it into the screen and then
finish the going down into the timeline
I'm going to scroll down and here you
can see the actions for the CL first
I'll edit when the transformation starts
now I'll review the animation by
clicking and draging out of the play and
again you can see now that the cl starts
moving out and near the end it's going
to do the rotation and the movement at
the exact same time next I want to
shorten the duration of that first move
so against the second op this is so cool
duration and enter a value for this
animation I want to have the rotation
and that last transformation move be
separate to do this I'm going to start
off by clicking and dragging on that
rotation action and moving it to the
left and I'll extend its duration I'll
also extend the duration of that last
transformation move now I'll do a quick
review of the animation Again by
clicking on that play see that the bolts
come up comes out the CL moves out then
rotates and then moves last thing I want
to do in this animation is change the
Viewpoint so again I'm going to move my
play head out to 14 seconds I'm going to
change my view orientation when playing
an animation you can also go into full
screen mode head on to the bottom of the
screen and click on full screen mode for
animation playback that will hide
everything from the screen and then
click on the
playb exit the full screen mode just
press the same key now I want to create
a story board that shows all the
performance will be assembled to do this
I'm going to make a copy of my
disassemble Story Board by right
clicking on it and click copy from the
menu and then move my cursor back over
to the story board right click and click
paste from the men what I like to do is
rename my story board so again I'm now
double click on my second Story Board
and rename this to assembly to show how
the components will be assembled going
to right click on my assemble Story
Board and click reverse from the to
revie this animation I'm got to click on
the play
button if you prefer to turn off the
visibility of all the trail lines select
all the the components then right click
and from the menu click on TI all
trailer if needed you can also delete
actions for example if I want to remove
that last Viewpoint change and go to the
timeline and right click on that action
right click and click delete from the
menu when you're working with multiple
story boards pay attention to which one
is active to make one active just select
on it lower left hand corner of the
screen now let the animation is complete
I can't create a video coming up here
under the publish menu you click on
publish video in the dialog box you can
set the scope for this video you want
just the current story board or all
story boards to be included you can also
set the resolution and when you're done
go ahead and click okay and a video file
will be created if you want to create a
drawing on this animation click on the
animation Arrow then click drawing from
animation the dialog box set which Story
Board you want the drawing to be created
from and adjust the drawing options as
new and then when you're done go ahead
and click okay now di
CH St
sh okay so we need to do that I
guess um I don't really want to do
that
okay
for
he
yeah
okay I think
um am I
Frozen oh man I I dropped a ton of
frames
today I don't remember doing that at all
at
all shoot I hope that wasn't so bad all
right I'm going to end the stream this
is what we
built what is
that